# v2.1.0

## Features

* New sink and cmdlet `Add-SinkPowerShell` allowing to write log events into PowerShell host and it's correct streams. Suggested by [gitbute](https://github.com/gitbute) in this [issue](https://github.com/PoShLog/PoShLog/issues/5).
* `Start-Logger` now has `-PassThru` parameter allowing it to return `Serilog.Logger` instance thus allowing multiple logger instances. Together with that, `-SetAsDefault` parameter was added to allow, setting outputted `Serilog.Logger` instance into static variable `[Serilog.Log]::Logger`, so the logger is available globally. `-SetAsDefault` works only together with `-PassThru` parameter.
* All `Write-*Log` cmdlets now have `-Logger` parameter allowing them to write to specific Logger instance. Same applies to `Close-Logger` cmdlet.
* All `Write-*Log` cmdlets now have `-ErrorRecord` parameter to directly pass ErrorRecord variable from try-catch - `try { throw 'err' } catch { Write-ErrorLog -ErrorRecord $_ }`.
* New cmdlet `Set-Logger` allowing to set `Serilog.Logger` instance into `[Serilog.Log]::Logger`, so the logger is available globally. So user doesn't have to specify the logger instance when using for example `Write-InfoLog 'Test'` instead of `Write-InfoLog -Logger $logger -MessageTemplate 'Test'`.
* New cmdlet `Add-EnrichWithProperty` enriches log events with custom properties.
* New cmdlet `Add-EnrichWithErrorRecord` enriches log events with ErrorRecord property when available.
* Added `-FromPreference` and `-ToPreference` parameters to `Set-MinimumLevel` cmdlet and `-ToPreference` parameter to `New-LevelSwitch` and `Set-LevelSwitch` cmdlets for better integration with powershell [preference variables](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_preference_variables?view=powershell-7). `-FromPreference` parameter allows user to "load" log minimum level from powershell preference variables. `-ToPreference` parameter allows to "write" log minimum into powershell preference variables.
* Added second overload for `Add-SinkFile` cmdlet, allowing to use `-Formatter`, also added `Get-JsonFormatter` cmdlet for that purpose.

## Bugfixes

* Fixed validation for `Write-*Log` parameters `-MessageTemplate`, `-Exception` and `-PropertyValues` - they will no longer raise error if you pass empty string or `$null`.
